sup guys my name's Dan Acosta
where he CPAs and his last day really
fun the finals about to start
this guy in the final panel he's a news
boss
I think Labs just made it
pretty good too yeah
hey this is Vern Laird and Copenhagen we
just finished four days of awesome
contests Copenhagen open Copenhagen
throw so psyched to be back here and the
contest took a hiatus for two years so
really psyched that it's back here and
one of the best cities on the earth this
year the contest was different because
we actually did the contest at street
spots something I've never done before
seeing guys like kill every Street spot
the why Felipe dudu so psyched to do two
one Carlos you know for those who know
them as Carlos but resilient everyone
knows him as dudu yeah man there's
skating at this at the street spots was
like probably my favorite and the just
seeing everything get it done man like
hopefully we can do this contest again
next year because it's tons of fun and
hopefully everyone was psyched on it
psyched as I was sup everybody this is
Carlos Rivera we are here in Copenhagen
in this island we're having so much fun
I'm having the best time of my life we
went to a lot of different spots in the
city all the homies are here everybody
is having a great time this is the best
contest
I can't believe him what's going on
right now this year is the conscious was
sick as we went we had a lot of fun
I don't know man I can't really talk
right now so I apologize
with you